Knouted we saw examples for both a multi page application integrating a javascript framework into the
different views and a single page application where we have one javascript app driving the whole page.
Let's see which advantages or disadvantages each of these approaches might have.
Let's start with the multi-page fold stack approach.
Why might we use it.
Why might we not do so.
Let's start with the pros here on the pro side.
We can say it's very easy O search engine optimization friendly.
This is also the reason why you chose this approach for it's course search page and so on.
Of course they want Google to find these pages.
They want Google to index these pages.
Why is that more friendly.
Because Grall ours are having a tough time reading javascript and especially javascript code which loads
things asynchronously.
If we switch pages on a single page application and there are all changes in javascript re renderers
parts of that page without loading a new one.
Well how would the Crolla do that.
That's something Kerala's can't do as of now which is by getting a new page is more SBO friendly right
now.
Besides staed Another advantage is that we have tons and tons of frameworks and tutorials for this approach.
If you're working with Ph.D. level there are tons of tutorials.
If you are working with notes as Express tons of tutorials because most applications most web pages
work like this because this was a single way of creating apps or creating web pages until three or four
years ago it's changing right now.
But we still have these apps powering the majority of all web pages now.
Another reason is we have simpler Security Solutions.
With that I don't mean that security is easier but since we used this kind of apps for the last 10 20
years a lot of the issues have been solved and a lot of the frameworks you typically use have security
baked into them so that is some advantage here.
Another advantage is that you have a higher chance of getting a working application.
If the user turned off Javascript because of course in a single page application which is entirely driven
by javascript.
If the user turns that off you'll have a hard time on a full stop gap where you add some functionality
with javascript at least a part of your page.
Might still be working without it.
Now there are some cons too.
Otherwise we wouldn't have that trend of moving to a single page.
Applications right.
A big con is delayed reaction time and it might not sound like an issue because it is relatively fast
but having to reload the page where everything we click is is really not ideal.
That's not what we are used to for our mobile phones for example on our mobile apps we catch something
and instantly something changes.
And again if we need to load data or store data that happens behind the scenes and it would be great
to have web apps which behave in the same way.
Another thing is that it is easy to mix presentation and business logic in these Fosdyke approaches
especially when using P2P for example.
It's easy to empat too much business logic which runs on the server into your front and code into your
view.
Now that's not necessarily a problem but it can become one and it can lead to problematic code where
you have a lot of your logic happening and your front end code actually and Nambour disadvantage is
that you possibly have to learn multiple pages.
If you are working as a full stack developer you might have to learn it if you are using that on the
server.
You will need HVM LCS s and Javascript.
Maybe something else.
Not necessarily a big disadvantage but it can be an issue.
You can focus more when only developing single page applications.
We're only working on the front end.